fix(gw): load emqx applications before hocon configs checking (#10410)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-10410.en.md

> Fix EMQX starting failed once any gateways configured in emqx.conf.
> This issue was first introduced in v5.0.22 via [#10278](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10278).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix config check failed when gateways are configured in emqx.conf.
This issue was first introduced in v5.0.22 via [#10278](https://github.com/emqx/emqx/pull/10278), the boot-time config check was missing.
```
